Good afternoon.
Today we're going to go through a quick
status update on...
Projects.
Oak.
And we're going to have a few minutes for
questions and then we'll close out with
next steps.
So good news is Project Oak is well on
its way.
The leaves are looking green and the
branches are looking robust.
We do need to
trim a little bit of the shoots,
but other than that, all is well.
Any questions on that?
No? Fantastic. All right. Well,
next steps that we have are,
I'm going to be scheduling the folks to
come out and trim those shoots,
and then we will
continue to nurture and watch our oak
grow.
Thanks, all. Cheers.